my name is Gordon Dwyre I work in out
products group instructional products
makes the on between help and and the
printed manuals that come with apple
products and in this session we're going
to be talking about Apple help you know
what's five years ago at WWDC that apple
health was first introduced for back in
mac OS 85 it was so i see some people
who have been with us all along from the
very beginning developing for it thank
you today we're going to have some
changes to announce that I think you'll
be very pleased about you certainly been
very patient waiting for them and I see
a lot of new faces too so I hope you're
here to find out what apple health is
all about if you're waiting on the fence
to see if we're serious about an HTML
health system well you can keep waiting
another five years or come on in the
water's fine we'll talk about how you
actually generate your content you'll
see how easy it is to hook things up now
I'm the kind of guy who likes to eat
dessert first so we're going to start
with a demo and the demo is where all
the exciting stuff is and so we'll do
that first and in fact there's so many
changes to Apple help the hood in the
last year that you might say my goodness
you've changed everything well we
changed a lot but you don't have to
worry if you've been developing for
Apple help for a while your stuff still
works so in that sense we've changed
nothing for men we're going to talk
about how to develop for Apple help
you'll see how simple and easy it is to
get your book in the help system and
running under the system and then
finally we're going to wrap up with some
tips about how to optimize your health
system and how to take advantage of some
of the unique features that Apple help
present so let you in on a secret we're
actually going to finish early today we
don't have the full time allotted that's
not because there isn't a lot to cover
because there is and there's lots of
things to say you'll get to listen to me
blab for several minutes but it's really
a short presentation because Apple help
is so simple when straightforward we've
worked really hard to make sure that you
can deploy your help content quickly and
easily but enough of that let's get to
the demo
great so to get started here I'm going
to open up to the help viewer this is
Panther that you all have in your
registration kit Wow look at that that
was fast wasn't it in fact I almost
don't believe it wasn't running let's
try it again about two and a half
seconds yeah sure you know I saw you in
the back of the room I said I was going
to open up the help and you got up to go
to jamba juice figured you could make it
back in time before I was ready to talk
again it's much faster in Panther we've
done a lot of things to really improve
it and I know that was a much needed
improvement we certainly are aware of
that and have heard it loud and clear
from all of you but that's not all
you'll notice as I mouse over this
sample page here we're getting some text
decoration and that's being accomplished
the links are underlining that's being
accomplished with a CSS the style sheet
here that specifies this text decoration
so he'll viewer now works with cascading
style sheets and HTML 4 in fact it works
so well with web standards that you can
now go out to the internet and find a
site that generates content for you
creates HTML templates and use them
yourself just to prove the point I went
out and found such a site and asked it
to create a couple of a dummy help pages
for me now I don't necessarily recommend
these a great help layout but they do
serve a really interesting point and
this is an HTML 4 with a style sheet and
as I click these buttons here you'll
notice that I getting some nice roll
over effects and lots of colors are
changing and content is rearranging
itself on the page and that's all
accomplished through CSS with the same
body text appearing in each one of these
styles this turns out to be really
powerful not just for web development
book but for health development too
because the more you can do two separate
style and decoration from the content
the easier time you have developing your
content so finally you can do that with
help you er another thing we support is
JavaScript so this is a very simple
javascript demonstration downloaded from
another website and just dropped in to
help viewer you'll notice of the time is
incrementing as I talk here there are
lots of things you can do with
javascript in the help and luckily they
all just seem to work i'll stop the
timer there and start it this is a go
back button isn't a hard link to the
previous page but rather a javascript
function that tells the viewer to go
back in its history to go back in time
and that works and help you were just as
you expected to so finally web standard
support it helps you or for panther
let's go back to slide so how did we
accomplish this well it's no secret if
you've read your program or have been
attending other sessions help viewer is
now a client of WebKit we're using the
safari technology to support all of our
HTML display this gives us a lot of
speed and a whole lot of standards help
viewer now supports HTML 401 that
includes frame the tables and forms
something you couldn't do and help you
were before cascading style sheets
levels one two and three such as it such
as it is so far javascript one for dom
level 0 1 and 2 including some microsoft
dom extensions and support for netscape
cookies netscape style plugins java
applets more character sets than you can
shake a stick at bi-directional text and
contextual letter forms whatever those
are seriously i probably don't even have
the complete list what you should do
since your help offers is go to the
session noted there it's section 411 web
standards it's ten-thirty tomorrow
morning you'll hear from the Safari team
from the people who implement WebKit and
all the stuff they talk about works in
help now and you can use it when you do
that when you deploy Apple help and
while you're there say thank you for me
but there actually is more to help
viewer we've done more than just
implement WebKit we've made a number of
changes that make
so much faster and easier to use we've
updated in standardized our download
policy now help viewer uses the internet
to retrieve remote content it wasn't
very fast at that and in fact sometimes
retrieve content women wasn't necessary
what we do now is we use the cash more
as you'd expect and we check the users
network connection if the user has a
network connection and has a good
network connection meaning that the
servers are responding quickly then we
will ask the server if there is anything
newer and if there is something newer we
download it and put it into cash if
there isn't something newer then we show
what we have on the machine already that
being either the cache copy or the local
copy that you installed with your health
system this is a good change that really
speeds things up so you might say that
we changed everything we certainly get
made everything faster and we've adopted
a lot of standards underneath the hood
another thing that we've done is we've
improved launch time by changing the way
that index files are loaded now an apple
help books are indexed for searching
that's how we get to our searching
capability and we're going to talk more
about searching in a few minutes one
change for Panther is that the health
viewer expects to find the index for the
book in the location where the indexing
tool put it and it expects it to have
the name that the indexing two will
create it for it so please don't change
the name of your index file and don't
change the change its location now if
you do help viewer will still find it
it'll go traipsing through your book and
find what it needs but as you man is you
can imagine that slows it down so you
can help all of us keep help you were
faster by leaving your index file as it
was created by the indexing tool
now what I'd like to do is talk about
how to deploy Apple help now the main
point is that all of your existing
content continues to work a book created
for apple health and Mac OS aged five
works today one thing you do want to do
though is look at your content using the
help you have on your pants or CD the
renderer is different and every HTML
renderer has slightly different ideas
about font metrics and sizing and
placement and that sort of thing so I'm
very confident to what you have is going
to look good but it might look a little
different than it does under previous
incarnations of the healthier so to be a
good idea to look at it and see if
you're happy with it and maybe make any
HTML adjustments you feel or necessary
you'll also want to look at your
QuickTime movies if you have QuickTime
movies in your help they're still going
to work but previously help you or
played QuickTime files natively now help
you or use as a quicktime plugin this is
a good thing because it gives you lots
more parameters you can use with the
embed command the quicktime plugin
supports all sorts of interesting
options you might want to take a look at
those those are documented in QuickTime
health and see if there are any you want
to take advantage of now with panther if
you don't change anything you can expect
your QuickTime movies to behave as they
did before
so that covers the changes to Apple help
for Panther let's spend the next few
minutes talking about what Apple help is
why you might want to use it and what
you can do when you deploy your help
look to take advantage of some of its
unique features so what is Apple help
well Apple help is the help system for
Mac os10 it's built in and sort of the
most visible component of that the thing
that users interact with the thing the
thing that we all see is the help viewer
the help viewer is an optimized
lightweight HTML browser and it's
optimized for help delivery what we've
done is we've built in a lot of features
and a lot of careful attention to DUI to
make sure that it is that it's good for
delivering help and provide the
consistent user experience if you went
to John Glenn z's adopting aqua session
yesterday you might remember that he
talked about apple health is one of the
key components of aqua and one of the
checklist points for ensuring that
you're providing a good aqua experience
one of the reasons for that is that
users turn to help when they're the most
frustrated with their computer most
users don't read the help just for fun
they do it to find out an answer to a
question they're trying to accomplish
something they've reached an impasse
we're trying to use you your UI or they
have another question and they don't
know how to proceed so at that point
they come to the help by coming to the
help viewer they have a consistent user
interface one of they've seen before
that behave the way they expect that
provides lots of features one of which
is full-text searching are searching is
relevancy rank so when you type in your
question you get a nice list of results
back and the presentation of those
results is similar to what users
experience in other searching without
throughout the system such as the finder
and Sherlock and mail it's not a you
it's not a part of the user interface
that people have to figure out because
it's difference in help than it is
anywhere else now our search engine is
really fast and it's really pretty good
it supports natural language query so
why you can type in
burn CD or fire bad if you're the Hulk I
guess it's better to type in something
like how do I make a CD how do i record
a CD to help you oral parse back
correctly and give you the results in a
nice relevancy ranks way another feature
of health viewer is apple script based
automation we have special helped colon
URLs that can trigger an applescript so
if your application is Apple scriptable
you can provide links within your help
that automate actions for users this is
a great way to speed users back into
using the interface and getting a
problem solved you can automate things
like changing preferences opening
preference dialogues completing tasks
for the user and so your instructions
are shorter so they're less complicated
and you just have a better experience
with the help in your product it's
another great reason to make your
application Apple scriptable because you
can take advantage of it yourself in
your help system we've talked a little
bit about the display of multimedia
content help you or does that it now
uses plug in QuickTime and / or built-in
because they're distributed
automatically with WebKit but as
additional plugins are loaded into
WebKit they become available for use and
help you err this opens up a lot of
interesting doors particularly if you're
documenting a high end application and
you need a specialized plug-in to
display parts of your health content now
you can do it healthier also supports
remote and local content this is a
somewhat hidden feature of the help but
it's very powerful as a software
developer this allows you to ship your
applications help with your product and
then continue to maintain that help on
the internet as you discover what kinds
of questions people are having as you
discover mistakes in the documentation
or other enhancements you can make you
make these available to your customers
simply by updating the copy of the help
that's on your internet server help
viewer retrieves it for you and displays
it for the user when they have a good
network connection we're going to talk a
little bit later how to best take
advantage of this feature of health
and finally the last and perhaps most
important advantage of using Apple help
is that there are system wide api's for
calling it certainly that's how the help
menu works which we're going to talk
about in a little bit but there are also
other other ways to talk to help viewer
that allow you to provide a good help
experience for your users using things
like help buttons and so on so maybe
have soldiers you say wow Gordon that's
great how do i how do I think how do i
make my Apple help look how do I get
started well it's really very easy and
there are only four steps so let's go
over them step one is dissolve up your
help taunt head write your HTML now you
can do this in whatever authoring tool
you normally use bbedit Dreamweaver go
live and now because we use WebKit and
support web standards you can even use
tools on other platforms that create
help I know the lot of you use things
like robohelp and so on you can get them
to output in a format that supports web
standards and will now work and help you
err so the only thing special you have
to do to your HTML over and above
writing it like you normally would is to
add one meta tag it's the apple title
meta tag and the value of the tag is the
name of your help book now this is a
really important value you put this in
the start page of your book your
homepage whatever page it is that you
want users to see when they open help
viewer add this tag and it provides the
name of your book to the system and as
we talk about some of the other things
that you need to do you'll see why this
Apple title tag is so important the nice
thing about this because meta is a
standard HTML tag you can go ahead and
add it to your content and even if you
deploy that content elsewhere such as on
your website it won't interfere with
anything browsers all expected and just
ignore it so after you've offered your
HTML and added that meta tag step number
two is to index your help for searching
our search engine works because health
content is pre
be indexed to do this you use the Apple
help indexing tool which you already
have it's install them developer
applications there are a few preferences
you want to look at and decide to set
one is to enter a remote root for URI
for your content if you're going to put
help on the internet and you want it
updated and you enter an HTTP path in
the indexing tool preferences you want
to select the tokenizer for your
language particularly if you're not
using English which is the default and
you want to turn on anchor indexing now
anchor indexing is a very unique way for
the help viewer to find content within
your help book we're going to talk about
it in a couple of minutes but basically
it allows you to call an individual page
and help without having to know what
file it appears in so after you've set
your preferences you take your folder
full of your HTML content and you drop
it on the indexing tool the indexing
tool scans at all and come and writes
out an index file that's used by the
search engine now remember it puts that
index file in the place where help
viewers can expect to find it and it
gives it a name the name is derived from
the folder the name of the folders that
you dropped on it help you is going to
look for that file by that name when it
loads so please just leave it as the
index tool creates it and the
performance will be better if you do
change it it'll your help will still
work it will just open a little bit
slower than we'd like it to step number
three that's a short one after you've
added the Apple meta tag and you've
index your content then you put your
content inside your applications bundle
that the local life resource you want to
add it in the correct help Raj directory
step number four this is hooking up your
help menu now this is different between
cocoa and carbon if you're a cocoa
application you add two keys to your
info.plist CF bundle help book folder
which is the name of the help folder the
name of the folders that you dropped on
the indexing tool when you did the index
and the other key is CF bundle help book
name
this matches the Apple title that you
put in a start page of your help way
back in step one this is how the help
you er associates the name of your book
with your application and the name that
you use in the api's it's pretty simple
just add those two tags next a cosmetic
point but an important one an interface
builder you want to change the item in
the help menu to match your application
instead of the generic name that
interface builder gives you
automatically now if you're a carbon app
you do it slightly different you also
add the two keys to your info.plist that
we just discussed and then in your code
after your initialize call h register
help book and point to the bundle that
contains your help this lets the help
viewer and help system know about your
book and associated with your
application on carbon this call is taken
for takes taken care of for care of
automatically and Coco is taken care of
automatically carbon you make this call
and the details it's a sample code about
how to do this are in the apple health
tutorial rather than talk you through
the code I want to refer you to their
because it covers all of these steps and
it gives you some additional information
on the code and you already have that
tutorial its installed the developer
documentation on your systems so to
summarize four steps create your content
and add an apple help an apple title
meta tag index your help so it can be
searched install it in your applications
bundle and then hook up your help menu
and believe it or not you're done at
that point you have a full working help
system and you choose help from your
applications help manual help you will
open display your content and people
will be able to search it can maybe even
go home early that day but I hope you
won't because there's a few things you
can do to optimize your help and make it
a little bit better so let's spend a
little bit of time on that so one thing
you can do to provide a really good help
experience is to optimize your content
for searching as Scott Forstall
mentioned in his talk on Monday
searching is really becoming a
ubiquitous way of accessing information
there's a lot of search language in the
inner
bass and a lot of consistent searching
experiences that counts for help and
when users are frustrated and they're
coming to help find an answer to the
question they know what it is they're
looking for typing in a few words gets
then to the answer in the most quickest
way possible but that puts the
requirement on you as the help offer to
make sure that people can find your
content by searching there are a few
things you can think about doing one of
which is to use the robots meta tag now
robots is a standard meta tag is used by
lots of search engines not just ours so
you can go ahead and add it to your
pages and it will work if you also put
your health content on the internet for
people to look at in their browser
probably the most useful value for this
is the no index robots tag no index
tells the help search engine tells the
search engine to not index any content
in that page to make this page invisible
for searching so why would you want to
do that well a couple of key reasons one
is you probably want to make your table
of contents page not searchable it has a
whole lot of words on it because it's
your table of contents it covers your
entire help book and if people search
and find that it's not particularly
helpful it just has a bunch more lengths
and it might not be clear which one of
those triggered the search result so
make your table of contents no index
another time you might want to do this
is if you have a series of pages that
you have people click through maybe you
have four steps that each step is on a
separate page when people are searching
they might come into step 2 on page 2 or
step 3 on page 3 coming in the middle of
the procedure and be lost and not really
kind of say well I don't understand
what's going on here so in that case you
might want to add the no index tag two
pages two three and four making sure
that when people search they only find
page one and they get started on the
right step now some other values that
you can provide in robots and those are
keywords and anchors so let's talk about
those
keywords are really important because
when people come in and intercom enter
search queries they're representing the
task as they see it so you just think
about how our users going to phrase
questions how are they what types of
words are they going to type in to look
for this particular help content this is
a way you can provide that on the page
in an invisible way keywords don't
appear to the user on the page they're
not rendered by the HTML but they're
picked up by the search engine and
they're given the equal weight of the
rest of the content so key words aren't
weighted more heavily they're just
treated as if they appear on the page
normally but of course they don't appear
on the page and one of the most common
uses for this is misspelling or a
synonym particularly a technology world
as lots of technologies that real people
regular people don't really know how to
spell and even something like rendezvous
can be challenging to spell for an
English speaking of users so we try and
keyword furthest spelling for that also
think about things like discs and discs
right hominem users might not be
thinking of that one of what the correct
form of the spelling is when they're
looking for something relating to that
think about the range of users you serve
someone phrasing a question from an
expert's point of view or from a very
novice point of view you might want to
include something like silver round
thingy for cds which is what my father
in law calls them for keywords are
important things to add to your pages
you just add them in there and do it
once or twice they stay there for the
entire life of your content and are
picked up by the search engine
automatically now earlier i mentioned an
example of where you might have four
pages and you know index pages two three
and four so they don't show up and only
page one shows up well that's a good
strategy but you do have to think about
what was on those three pages you just
blocks from the search engine and are
those words do those pages contain words
that users are going to want to search
for because they won't find them if
you've no index them you want to take
some of those key phrases and use them
as keywords on that first page and that
way people will find up
page very easily another step you can do
to make your help work really well in a
search environment is to add page
summaries now paid summaries are
provided with the description meta tag
and again it's a standard HTML thing
lots of lots of search engines use
description and so does help viewer and
it helped viewers case the description
shows up in the search results when the
user clicks the result you see a little
preview of what it is you might get when
you click that page this helps users
decide if they got in the right hit if
that's the page that appears to answer
their question if that's one they want
to look at so these are easy to add they
do become searchable content as well so
they'll generate hits so again think
about how users might be looking for
your page and think about an appropriate
summary that might give them the answer
they need without having to actually
visit the entire page itself and by kind
of combining combining those two
approaches you can make sure that search
results work really well
let's change gears a little bit and talk
about how to further connect your
application to the help system we talked
about how to hook up your help menu and
that's the minimum you should do that
works really well you choose help from
your applications menu and you have to
help you or with your content but there
are other things you can do to make sure
that users get the type of content
they're looking for depending upon the
situation they're in now there are
basically three ways you can call help
you or directly from your app or from
other places you can use a help colon
URL you can do this in any HTML anywhere
when the user clicks upheld viewer will
launch and handle the URL that you asked
for you can use an apple stripped tell
help viewer to do something and of
course there are see AP is the trigger
things to happen in the help so what
kind of things can you do when you call
the health well you can perform a search
give it a search string a phrase to look
for and you can specify what book to
look in whether it's your own book
somebody else's if you think it will be
installed such as Mac help or all of the
books that to help viewer knows about
you can also open a help book it's a
very simple call and when you do that to
help viewer opens to the page that has
your apple title tag your start page and
you can display a specific page and help
so let's talk about that one this is
typically what you would want to do for
my help button as you see in the little
illustration there a little button round
button with a question mark you use this
to provide contextual help this might
appear on a dialogue or a preference
pane and when the user clicks it they
should see content that's specific to
what it is they're looking at content
that's targeted to the condition that
they're in so you can do that by
specifically calling a page
the best way to do that and help viewer
is to use an anchor now if your HTML
author you're used to anchor as being a
specific location on a specific page
help you retreat them a little bit
differently to help viewer an anchor is
a thing that appears on a page in your
health book you specify them using a
standard anchor syntax like you see
there when you index your content and
turn on anchor indexing these are noted
by the indexing tool and help you err
resolve the locations at that time
saying Ah anchor foo appears on page 1 2
3 HTML then when your application tells
help viewer hey display the page with
anchor foo it knows it's on 123 and
displays the page for you you make this
call using H look up anchor so one of
the advantages of this is that you don't
have to think about what page what
physical page is in the file system that
anchor appears on those people who are
authoring the help can move the anchor
from page to page even if that's you you
can put on your other hats and move the
anchors from page to page without ever
ever having to go back and change the
application to point to a different file
another advantage this gives you is that
help viewer resolve this anchor in the
correct language so if you've localized
your book the user is running in Spanish
when you asked for this anchor to help
viewer will display the Spanish page
that has this anchor
let's shift gears again and talk about
remote and local content I've mentioned
that we've optimized Panther a number of
ways to make this work a lot better
users no longer have to wait for content
to be downloaded from the internet and
that's a good thing we moved all the
downloading off to the background but
what does help you were do in this
regards it's even more invisible now
well there's basically two things that
happen one is that if you have provided
a remote root for your help look and
again a remote group root is just that
HTTP location somewhere on the internet
if the user is connected to the internet
and they have a good network connection
that help viewers going to look at your
remote group and see if there's a newer
index file for your book if there is a
newer index that it brings that index
down and cashes it for the user what
this allows you to do is continue to
change and refine your health content
over time you can remove pages and to do
that you re and make sure if you remove
the HTML file from your help book
reindex the book and then put that new
index file out on the internet when
users pull it down because all searching
is done through the index that page is
now essentially invisible to your users
more likely you can add pages if their
pages you didn't have done or you didn't
think of where you want to improve you
can put those on the internet at your
remote root re-index your health content
put the new index on the internet help
you'll help viewer will retrieve it
automatically for users who can get to
it and those new pages become available
to the user they now show up in search
results now those new pages are on the
internet and they do have to be
connected to view them but when they do
view them they'll be cached and saved
for the user for future reference so
that's automatic index updating and how
it works from the benefit it provides
another level of internet support and
help viewer is called internet primary
this is different than index updating
when you turn on the internet primary
checkbox for your book and
do this in the indexing tool or the
preference for it this tells the help
you er to prefer the content you have
that you'll remote routes over the local
content when the user requests a page
when they click on a link help viewer
will check to see if they have a good
network connection and if they do it
will check on the server to see if the
pages are looking at is newer on the
server and if it is then that page will
be displayed if they're not connected or
they don't have a good connection that
it looks in the cash to see if it has a
copy that it previously got or it
defaults to the local content that is
installed inside your applications
bundle this is a really interesting
feature of help viewer in it and it's
one that is quite powerful though I
found a talking to lots of developers
over the last year since we've added
this to help you or that it kind of
requires a little shift in mindset in
terms of thinking about having contents
done and shipped with the product and
then continue to maintain it over time
but it's nice because it allows your
help content to be as fresh and is up to
date and is correct as people expect
from the web but here there's actually
experiencing it directly from your
application instead of having to go off
in a website and visit your support site
to get the latest info now if you're
going to do remote content with a couple
things to keep in mind it's really good
to think about organizing your contents
with a single topic per page now this is
really good for searching too because an
remember in search results while user
sees and the results list is the title
of the page if you have several topics
on that page puts a lot of burden on the
title of the page to kind of convey to
the user what all is included there if
you break it up and it's easier to write
a good title and so people understand
what it is they're looking at and
whether or not they want to view the
page well short pages with a single
topic are good for remote content too
because they're shorter and they
download faster
another thing you can do is to set your
cash periods now previously held viewer
would delete items from the cache after
three days unless they specified a cash
retention period using the cash meta tag
and the cash meta tag provides an
expiration date it's kind of like the
date on a carton of milk it tells help
viewer when this page is bad and should
be discarded now cashing looks a little
bit differently since caching is handled
through WebKit and other changes in the
system cached pages stick around win
their space and then and if space needs
to be created then pages of specified
expiration dates are removed first so if
you want to page that you want to make
sure sticks around and doesn't get
deleted because space is needed you
don't have to think in terms of three
days anymore is have to think of I want
to space to stick around so I'm going to
give it an expiration date in the future
it's okay to do that because in a
internet primary situation will still do
a compare of the page to the server and
if there's a newer one will still get
the newer page if it exists otherwise
we'll use the one in the cache there's
also some other cash directives and
these are standard HTML things you can
tell it to never cash a page which might
be appropriate on a late-breaking news
page or something that you want to get
out to users temporarily but you think
you're going to get rid of later you can
also tell it to keep a page on nearly
indefinitely by changing the cache
expiration date to something very far in
the future finally if you're going to
use remote content think about the
graphics through you're using you ship a
large graphics that displays and help
just fine with local content but in an
Internet primary situation if you have
modified that graphic on your web server
helps we was going to see that it's
newer and it's going to want to download
it and of course if it's a big graphic
then it will take longer to download
there's something to keep in mind in
regards to internet primary that
eventually if you maintain it on the
internet as you planned you will be
triggering downloads for people
and you might want to think about how
big those are
so in summary you've made a lot of
changes to help viewer most of them are
have been very long sought after and
they're very exciting it's now much
faster than it ever has been before it
uses HTML standards which opens up a lot
of new doors for content development
makes it much easier to deploy your
Apple help because you can use authoring
tools that understand and create HTML
that was invented after of 1996 and it's
smarter about internet usage in addition
if you've been thinking about using
apple health and you weren't really sure
what it was all about I hope you've seen
that it provides a nice consistent user
experience has a lot of interesting
health features that are optimized for
delivering content and it's very easy to
author and implement essentially four
steps to deployment now some of the
details i glossed over a little bit but
that's because you already have them
available to you and they're very
straightforward you have documentation
is installed in your system under
developer documentation you should also
visit the apple health website which is
an agc under user experience there's a
lot of references there some additional
documentation and some pointers and if
you do have questions and comments
here's how you can get a hold of the
Apple help engineering team apple health
comics group that apple com to group
mailing address and so we all read it
can't promise a reply but I do promise
that we read them all and take them
seriously and you can visit the apple
authoring excuse me the help authoring
mailing list this is a public list it's
very low traffic go to list a plum and
sign up for it there are a lot of Apple
help authors on there who have tried
various things and know lots of ways to
deliver help post a question and you'll
probably get an answer if you don't post
anything you may think the list isn't
isn't working because there's not a lot
of traffic on it but generally people
who will use it get what they need and
several members of the engineering team
monitor that list
yeonggil NZ who is off busily preparing
for the spectacular Apple Design Awards
which take place this evening is our
contact person information about your
needs and apple health and future
directions that you'd like to see should
be emailed to him
you